doc: change backporting guide with updated info (#53746)
nodejs/node: doc/contributing/backporting-to-release-lines.md

## Staging branches

Each release line has a staging branch that serves as a workspace for preparing releases.
The branch format is `vN.x-staging`, where `N` is the major release number.

For active staging branches, refer to the [Release Schedule][].

## Identifying backport needs

> If a cherry-pick from `main` doesn't merge cleanly with a staging branch, the pull request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a cherry-pick from `main` doesn't apply cleanly on a staging branch, the pull request
```

| ----------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| backport-blocked-vN.x   | PRs for `vN.x-staging` blocked by pending backports from other PRs. |
| backport-open-vN.x      | Indicates an open backport for the PR.                              |
| backport-requested-vN.x | PR awaiting manual backport to `vN.x-staging`.                      |
| backported-to-vN.x      | PR successfully backported to `vN.x-staging`.                       |
| baking-for-lts          | PRs awaiting LTS release after maturation in Current.               |
| lts-watch-vN.x          | PRs possibly included in `vN.x` LTS releases.                       |
| vN.x                    | Issues or PRs impacting `vN.x-staging` (or reproducible on vN.x).   |

## Submitting a backport pull request

Follow these steps to backport a PR (e.g., #123) to the `vN.x` release line:

### Automated process

1. Ensure [`@node-core/utils`][] is installed.

2. Execute [`git node backport`][] command:

   ```bash
   # Example: Backport PR 123 to vN.x-staging
   git node backport 123 --to=N
   ```

3. Proceed to step 5 in the Manual section below.

### Manual process

> 1. Check out the `vN.x-staging` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Checkout the `vN.x-staging` branch.
```

> 2. Update the local staging branch from the remote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Make sure that the local staging branch is up to date with the remote.
```

3. Create a new branch based on `vN.x-staging`:

   ```bash
   git fetch upstream v20.x-staging:v20.x-staging -f
   git checkout -b backport-123-to-v20.x v20.x-staging
   ```

4. Resolve conflicts during cherry-pick:

   ```console
   git cherry-pick <commit hash>
   ```

5. Resolve conflicts using `git add` and `git cherry-pick --continue`.

> 6. Keep the commit message unchanged or modify as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Leave the commit message as is. If you think it should be modified, comment
   in the pull request. The `Backport-PR-URL` metadata does need to be added to
   the commit, but this will be done later.
```

> 7. Verify with `make -j4 test`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Make sure `make -j4 test` passes.
```

> 8. Push changes to your fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Push the changes to your fork.
```

9. Open a pull request:

   * Target `vN.x-staging`.
   * Title format: `[vN.x backport] <commit title>` (e.g., `[v20.x backport] process: improve performance of nextTick`).

>    * Allow maintainer access.

Reviewer: Not sure why we have this, AFAIK it's not necessary.
```suggestion
```

   * Reference the original PR in the description.

>    * Add `Backport-PR-URL:` metadata and re-push.

Reviewer: This is done by whoever lands the backport PR.
```suggestion
```

> 
> 10. Run [`node-test-pull-request`][] CI job (with default `REBASE_ONTO`).

Reviewer: CI is not necessary for all PRs (and not everyone can start a Jenkins job anyway, so IMO we should not list this as a step)
```suggestion
```

> 11. Replace `backport-requested-vN.x` with `backport-open-vN.x` on the original PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Replace the `backport-requested-v20.x` label on the original pull request
    with `backport-open-v20.x`.
```

Author: I've made this change, but I've updated both labels with `vN.x` instead of `v20.x`.

> 12. Resolve conflicts with `git pull --rebase upstream vN.x-staging` if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. If during the review process conflicts arise, you can use the following to rebase:
    `git pull --rebase upstream v20.x-staging`.
```

Author: I've made this change, but I've used the `vN.x-staging` branch in place of `v20.x-staging`.

## Staging branches

Each release line has a staging branch that serves as a workspace for preparing releases.
The branch format is `vN.x-staging`, where `N` is the major release number.

For active staging branches, refer to the [Release Schedule][].

> ## Identifying backport needs

Reviewer: Why this change?

Author: According to the Microsoft Style Guide:
"Keep headings as short as possible, and put the most important idea at the beginning. This is especially critical in blogs and social media."

The last heading had the most important idea (backporting) at the end, and this one has it in the middle. Additionally, this heading, not being a question, is shorter.

Reviewer: I disagree, the most important is "What": the whole document deals with backporting, this specific section is about "what" needs to be.

Author: I've updated the title, better? If not, any suggestions?

> ## Identifying what requires a backport

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
## Identifying which changes require a backport
```

Reviewer 2: or

```suggestion
## Identifying changes that require a backport
```

require commits to mature in the Current release for at least two weeks before backporting.

## Labeling backport issues and PRs

Use the following labels, with `N` in `vN.x` denoting the major release number:

| Label                   | Description                                                         |
| ----------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| backport-blocked-vN.x   | PRs for `vN.x-staging` blocked by pending backports from other PRs. |
| backport-open-vN.x      | Indicates an open backport for the PR.                              |
| backport-requested-vN.x | PR awaiting manual backport to `vN.x-staging`.                      |
| backported-to-vN.x      | PR successfully backported to `vN.x-staging`.                       |
| baking-for-lts          | PRs awaiting LTS release after maturation in Current.               |
| lts-watch-vN.x          | PRs possibly included in `vN.x` LTS releases.                       |
| vN.x                    | Issues or PRs impacting `vN.x-staging` (or reproducible on vN.x).   |

## Submitting a backport pull request

> Follow these steps to backport a PR (e.g., #123) to the `vN.x` release line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the following steps, let's assume that you need to backport PR `123`
to the vN.x release line. All commands will use the `vN.x-staging` branch
as the target branch. In order to submit a backport pull request to another
branch, simply replace `N` with the version number for the targeted release
line.
```

### Automated process

1. Ensure [`@node-core/utils`][] is installed.

2. Execute [`git node backport`][] command:

   ```bash
   # Example: Backport PR 123 to vN.x-staging
   git node backport 123 --to=N
   ```

3. Proceed to step 5 in the Manual section below.

### Manual process

1. Checkout the `vN.x-staging` branch.

2. Verify that the local staging branch is up to date with the remote.

3. Create a new branch based on `vN.x-staging`:

   ```bash
   git fetch upstream vN.x-staging:vN.x-staging -f
   git checkout -b backport-123-to-vN.x vN.x-staging
   ```

4. Resolve conflicts during cherry-pick:

>    ```console

Reviewer: ````suggestion
   ```bash
````

   git cherry-pick <commit hash>
   ```

5. Resolve conflicts using `git add` and `git cherry-pick --continue`.

6. Leave the commit message as is. If you think it should be modified, comment
   in the pull request. The `Backport-PR-URL` metadata does need to be added to
   the commit, but this will be done later.

7. Verify that `make -j4 test` passes.

8. Push the changes to your fork.

9. Open a pull request:

   * Target `vN.x-staging`.
   * Title format: `[vN.x backport] <commit title>` (e.g., `[v20.x backport] process: improve performance of nextTick`).
   * Reference the original PR in the description.

10. Update the `backport-requested-vN.x` label on the original pull request to `backport-open-vN.x`.

11. If conflicts arise during the review process, the following command be used to rebase:

> 
> ```console
> git pull --rebase upstream vN.x-staging
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion

    ```console
    git pull --rebase upstream vN.x-staging
    ```
````
